Suvorov tanker times and everything could start
from the hardest sin from the point of view of the church
the idea of ​​the priest's daughter rector
Orthodox University
Russian doctors seeing that she
pregnant at once five children advised
get rid of two three mole to
keep the rest deep
believing barbarian but such barbarism
could not go you left Protestant
british and here
in oxford in a hospital
john radcliffe they without god help
English medicine is not the best in the world
Barbarian our tanks in November gave birth to five
This is especially pleased
Russian journalists they
fill up the immortal phrase one
Indian TV presenter woman gave birth
the five
and she gave birth
day after tomorrow fivefold mother
the heroine surpassed in
england demographic
plans of the Russian authorities returns
sees her home in July
Varentsova
witnesses nikita zhdankin
distribution activity is wrong
whether
the first months of life of these crimes on
the outskirts of oxford
I have been waiting for these mollusks
eleven cousins ​​and
sisters I do not grandmother and no father
Vladimir
bring together all your new meanings
never succeeded
math teacher and teacher
music and video and the pendulum is what mother and
baby
for me was
In addition one child for many years for them
remained no need to worry about selling
opening up
even by the author
will be 5 5 5
here we have the faction nuns though
the price will become for me to be irreversible he
does not cause
already high level
in this matter
new year
told that four
he was very glad his eyes run up that
this is not possible on May 9, I went around the midwife
Moscow gynecologist and where reigns for one
daughters
my opinion is not scared in different ways
first second place
in this matter therefore they were born
new series
museum million
when I'm not a Moscow doctor
its interesting cannot be brought together
position showed hopeless
learning about the best female clinic
andrew remains or arrived on Tuesday
a la who now says mikhail
butcher's suburb regiment
You can take the people to the governor's lesson
mercy how gain euro-body
agreed to make it so difficult
appetite of intent format one
Moscow family and Vladislav Galkin
all-inclusive promulgation
and medical care and
Oxford accommodation
but which expert helped marmar
visit the parents themselves
I can not blame Russian doctors
it is clear if there are some good ones
the very beginning
increase the chances of survival for the rest
I would recommend the same
a woman if I saw her for more
early terms when she arrived was already 15
weeks and all we had to do
are you older will keep this pregnancy like
can be longer
there is a difficult game
Marit never complained
as for living people was just
but she barely went
the hardest for her was the doctors forecast
and also called most likely we have not
will be live children
but we are very lucky if she
at least a week earlier why at all
by
did not attend the meeting
Mario representatives ancient week
exercise fivejack took part
18 in Russia nurses
currently 1 minute
child me on the street investigators
engaged and then hear another child
awarding a village of 900 grams editor
section unanimity on the crosses 1 in favor
now after Russian safely
gave birth to five
english conference clinics
almost no worries
five mean that if the communists don't
enough
in the spring of the first British apartments
did not know that the newborn
moved as soon as they learned to keep them
Online
finally
waves lifting three sisters from moscow though
and used to be a mustache nanny
baby quickly correct
and every day
go for a walk along the banks of the Seine
Shakira neighbors
they call strollers walking with one
a child in a family of 60 million
I can not imagine how these
five children connected
it seems everyone was silent for three months each
family member returns to Moscow
and we don’t know ourselves when
one-bedroom apartment in a new
residential apartment building
anyway
was not committed in the evening already
then it will be said that in these documents
call
in fifth place and saved by English doctors
remains of confidence that there has not been and
unassisted came
otherworldly
my half of the world
May National Assembly 5 10 pages
call dear
Ivanovo
and now the boy will not yet collect all
their descendants
but the evolution of the film
may have been fired
I do not want any other investment and there 1
the most important thing is that his daughter may
basics of orthodoxy learned to the top five
as shown by our